cmake, doc: Update `doc/productivity.md` (#323)
hebasto/bitcoin: doc/productivity.md

You _must not_ set base_dir to "/", or anywhere that contains system headers (according to the ccache docs).

> ### Disable features when generating the buildsystem

Reviewer: build system is usually separated in existing code

Author: Thanks! Updated.

> During generating the buildsystem, only essential build options are enabled by default to save on compilation time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During the generation of the build system only essential build options are enabled by default to save on compilation time.
```

Author: Thanks! Reworked.

Run `cmake -B build -LH` to see the full list of available options. GUI tools, such as `ccmake` and `cmake-gui`, can be also helpful.

If you do need the wallet enabled (`-DENABLE_WALLET=ON`), it is common for devs to use your system bdb version for the wallet, so you don't have to find a copy of bdb 4.8. Wallets from such a build will be incompatible with any release binary (and vice versa), so use with caution on mainnet.

### Make use of your threads with `-j`

If you have multiple threads on your machine, you can utilize all of them with:

```sh

> cmake --build build -j "$(($(nproc)+1))"

Reviewer: let's use the comment without mentioning nproc

Author: In this PR, I don't want introduce any changes that are unrelated to the migration to CMake.

Reviewer: ok, but you've added an extra nproc, that's what I was commenting on

Author: The extra line has been dropped.

> ctest --test-dir build -j "$(($(nproc)+1))"

Reviewer: I doubt anyone will use +1 part, I vote for simplifying, like in https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/30619/files#diff-fb3fb3681e7dbfc61c47a7d1f890941b8c886cd46fc06cf7839a03a68dc2aa02L68

Author: In this PR, I don't want introduce any changes that are unrelated to the migration to CMake.

```

### Only build what you need

When rebuilding during development, note that running `cmake --build build`, without giving a target, will do a lot of work you probably don't need. It will build the GUI (if you've enabled it) and all the tests (which take much longer to build than the app does).

Obviously, it is important to build and run the tests at appropriate times -- but when you just want a quick compile to check your work, consider picking one or a set of build targets relevant to what you're working on, e.g.:

```sh
cmake --build build -t bitcoind bitcoin-cli
cmake --build build -t bitcoin-qt

> cmake --build build -t bench_bitcoin

Reviewer: nit: we seem to be using `--target` mor often in code

Author: Thanks! Reworked.
